Login Via Truecaller feature now on ENQ/BL forms of M-site (23-Sep-2019) Glad to inform you all we have introduced all-new "login Via Truecaller" feature on BL/ENQ forms of M-site. Launch Summary: In order to improve the experience and conversion of the platform, we have implemented sign-in with Truecaller feature on BL/ENQ forms of M-site. Business Objective :  Increase successful verification/ signup/ login attempts with already mobile number verified Truecaller users on our forms like Enq/BL  Avoid user drop-off and app abandonment with 1-tap, instant verification - without any OTP SMS whatsoever  Auto-fill Enq/BL form by capturing user-consent based mapped user profile (user name, email ID, city, etc.). Targeted KPI :  Increase in the conversion of the mobile site (BL-Enq Senders/Visitors)  Improving the DNC Contribution - Truecaller will also provide a verified number and also the name of the user, which will be an important parameter to auto-approve lead. The first Look to the screen : How will the user flow work? True Caller benefits to the end-users-  Single Click login with no efforts of entering mobile number and name manually  Auto submission of name with again no effort of entering a name manually  Auto-Verification of user with no overhead of getting himself verified via OTP  Prefilled email to user which needs just a single click for confirmation  Prefilled City just a click away for final submission. True Caller benefits to the business-  Increase in conversion  Improvement in user experience  Increase in name fill rate  Increase in mobile user verification  Increase in DNC Contribution. Summary of Technical Flow:  Truecaller pop-up to login is shown on the basis of availability of its app on the device.  We call the true caller api with our own unique request ID (GA+Timestamp), and it returns the request ID, Truecaller Access Token and truecaller's user profile URL on our callback domain (login.indiamart.com).  We save these params in our DB, with the timestamp of the record entry in the DB. And make another request to truecaller profile URL to fetch user detail by providing unique truecaller access token.  We save the user information in our DB, against that same access token.  M-site will continue polling after every 2 sec (10 times) to the login server. This is done, because, front end property will never know, whether the user profile data is fetched from truecaller or not.  Once the polling web service, finds the user information from truecaller in our DB, against the same request ID, then polling service will identify the user, marks it as verified and returns updated Imesh with Name added if it's missing. What should be tested?  Successful login with true caller  Auto verification of the user who is log in with True caller  The name should not be asked from true caller login user  Imesh creation in the cookies with all the updated values of name and verification. Way ahead: -Way ahead we are planning to use the city and email provided from True caller as the prefilled ones on our respective city and email screen of ENQ/BL form. - Full Login access via Truecaller Login (under discussion). Impact: 1. On any given day, users who are getting verified by Truecaller are approx. between 7k to 8k. 2. % new users who are getting verified approx. 4.9k per day. 3. Out of these 4.9k, 3k are becoming DNC leads per day. 4. The reason for lower conversion, is high dropout rate ( i.e. users who want to opt out of the true-caller journey, either by pressing back button in browser or refreshing the page) 5. Out of 55k users, per day, who clicks on get best price, truecaller pop-up being shown to approx.30k users (57%). 6. Out of these 30k, 67% drop out from the journey.