Link to Roadmap/Resume template - Data Analytics DA - Data Analyst, BA - Business Analyst, DE - Data Engineer ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Data Analytics Q&A Que - Can a non-technical person join Data Analytics? Ans - Yes, absolutely. Advisable to gain related skills + certifications such as udemy certificates to present as a proof of concept/skills Que - Can I switch from non-tech to data analytics? Ans - Yes, Many of my past and current colleagues were from either non-tech background or from core branches such as chemical engineer, mechanical engineer. Que - Can I get into DA as a fresher? Ans - Yes, you can, as a fresher it is advisable to gain some industry experience via internships while you are pursuing your degree or towards the end of your course in the relevant industry/domain. Que - I have the basic skills, how do I get internships/jobs? Ans - Once you have your resume up to date, use LinkedIn/Naukri to apply for the same. Update keywords in Resume based on job requirements. Reach out to a few linkedin members to request for referrals with a small personalized message. Que - What kind of roles can I apply to as a fresher? Ans - Data Analyst Intern, Business Intelligence Trainee, Reporting Analyst, Junior Analyst Que - How Do I get a job as a fresher in Data Science/Data Engineering? Ans - Although Data science/Engineering is a bit different from data analytics, these fields are interconnected. But getting into data science as a fresher is always a bit tricky hence data analytics can serve as a starting point for data science and data engineering, as we work closely with data science and engineering teams. Que - What is the difference between a Data analyst and a business analyst? Ans - As the name suggests Data analysts are more data focused and require more tech domain knowledge while business analysts are to bridge the gap between a non technical client and a technical team. Que - Do I need to learn Coding/DSA for DA? Ans - Basic coding skills are required, but DSA is not needed as DA for most interviews, learning basic-intermediate Python/R and SQL is sufficient. Que - What are the main responsibilities of a DA vs BA ? Ans - This is mostly firm specific, but in general Data analysts work on data cleaning, manipulation, analysis, dashboards and reporting using SQL, Python, BI(Power BI/ Tableau). While BA’s generally are focussed on gathering requirements, documentations, proposing solutions, stakeholder communication using Powerpoint, excel, sql and sometimes BI tools as well. Que - Where Do I practice these skills for Free? Ans - SQL+Python - Leetcode, Hackerrank, SQL-DataLemur, SQL+PowerBI - WiseOwl Que - Do I need a degree in data science or statistics or Engineering? Ans - NO, you don’t need to be from engineering background to get into DA, once you have certifications and skills you are good to get into the industry Que - How do I get real-world experience without a job? Ans - Making personal projects utilizing free data sources available on the internet such as Kaggle, Showcase your projects on github/linkedin. Que - What Projects should I do to showcase DA skills ? Ans - Here are some example projects - Customer Churn Analysis, Spotify Playlist Analysis, FIFA World Cup Analysis(yearly data) (Dataset - Kaggle, cleaning-Python(Pandas/Pyspark), querying- SQL, Dashboard-PowerBI) Customer Churn Dataset-https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/muhammadshahidazeem/customer-churn-dataset Spotify Playlist Dataset - https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/andrewmvd/spotify-playlists FIFA Worldcup Dataset - https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/abecklas/fifa-world-cup Check the Code section on Kaggle for EDA(Exploratory data analysis) reference.