Suggested Replies Review Agenda Replies Statistics Platform specific hardcoded replies logic Way Ahead in Centralization Current ML Suggestive Reply Flow Buyer/Seller replies intents Way ahead in ML Model Service Direct Enquiries, ASTBUY and BL Replies replied to analysis BUYER SELLER Implies, only 24% of the replies with reply sequence 1 i.e. 1st message sent by buyers are answered/replied back by the sellers Implies, only 7% of the replies with reply sequence 1 i.e. 1st message sent by sellers are answered/replied back by the buyers No. of replies by buyer Replied back by seller No. of replies by seller Replied back by buyer Platform Specific Hard Coded Replies Logic Overview Desktop LMS Ask for Review Last Reply Catalog Link Static Temp (5) ML (5) Payment Link User Defined Paid seller - 1st position Free seller - 3rd position Ctype - NA SAAB- NA Shown only when there is no message from other side Shown vertically when enq is received. They become horizontal after 1 reply from seller Different static templates for buyers and free sellers Shown only when there is message from other side only for Paid seller Desktop LMS >> Static Templates (Seller) - We show 5 templates out of a list of 8 templates: Can you share your contact details? Let me know suitable time to talk Please share more details of requirement Thanks for your enquiry. We will revert shortly. What is the order value? What is the quantity? What is the quantity and order value? Yes, product is available >> Static Templates (Buyer) - Waiting for your reply What will be the minimum quantity and best price? I need some samples before placing the order Do you deliver in: Is the product currently in stock? Android LMS Last Reply Static Templates(6) ML (5) User Defined Horizontal Templates (closes the vertical templates or after at least 1 sent) **Note: In case of SAAB when only the Enq. is sent: Static Vertical templates are shown (2 x 2) Horizontal Templates [ Last Reply, Static Templates (12) ] Android LMS Desktop BMC Last Reply Catalog Link Static Templates(6) ML (5) User Defined Only for free seller, shifted behind static templates after 2 replies sent by the seller Shown only when there is no message from other side and enquiry is sent Shown only when there is message from other side or when enq is received Desktop BMC Enquiry Reply Box and Others Buyer Say Hi Request Call back Seller Request More Details Yes, product is available Others: Last Reply (2 days later Follow Up) Call Incoming (2 days later Follow Up) Call Incoming( 2 days later Request Call Back) Call Outgoing (2 days later Follow Up) Call Outgoing ( 2 days later Request Call Back) >> Static Templates - Waiting for your reply What will be the minimum quantity and best price? I need some samples before placing the order Do you deliver in: Is the product currently in stock? M-Site Static Templates (6) ML (max 5) Shown only when enq. is sent/received and there is no message from other side Shown only when there is message from other side For Buyers: 5 ML replies are shown in horizontal manner For Free Sellers: 3 ML replies are shown vertical, when clicked on any one of them or on the chat area, 5 ML horizontal templates are shown ** Note: Static Templates are different for Buyer & Free seller M-Site For Buyers (Static): 1. Hi, <Seller Name> - Hi, <Seller Name>! 2. Share price details - What is the approximate price? 3. Need product details - I need more details about the product. 4. Send product photos - Kindly send more photos of this product. 5. Waiting for reply - I am waiting for your reply. 6. Is product in stock? - Is this product currently in stock? For Free Sellers (Static): 1. Hi, <Buyer Name> - Hi, <Buyer Name>! 2. Request order quantity - What is the order quantity? 3. Send more details - Please send more details about your requirement. 4. Request call-back - Please call me back whenever you are free. 5. Waiting for reply - I am waiting for your reply. 6. Ask delivery location - Where do you want the order to be delivered? Android BMC Last Reply Static Templates(8) ML (5) User Defined Shown only when there is message from other side or when enq is received Horizontal Templates (closes the vertical templates or after at least 1 sent) Different Templates for Buyer and Free seller Android BMC Vertical Templates (Buyer - Only enq sent case): 1.Required quantity piece is: (will be shown until quantity is missing) 2. Hi <buyername> (shown only when last message in the thread is older than 24 hours) 3. Approximate Price 4. Request Quotation 5. More details 6. Share Pictures 7. Please reply Free Seller side templates 1.Last Reply 2.Hi <buyername> 3.What is the order quantity? 4.Here is my catalog link:- 5.Please share more details about the requirement. 6.Time to Talk? 7.Discuss on Call 8.Taxes Extra Buyer side templates 1.Required quantity piece is: (shown until quantity is unfilled) 2. Last Reply 3. Hi <buyername> 3.Time to Talk? 4.Request for Payment Link 5.Approx. Price? 6.Request Quotation 7.More details? 8.Please reply 9.Share Pictures 10.Offers/Discounts IOS LMS Static Templates(5) ML (5) User Defined ML is only hit if last msg is Enq/BL Static Templates (4) Horizontal Templates (closes the vertical templates or after at least 1 sent) Vertical Templates [ 2 x 2 Grid ] (Only When Enq is received) Vertical Templates [ 3 x 2 Grid ] (Only When Enq is sent) Static Templates (6) 1. Here is my catalog link 2. Displays 3 ML based templates 1. Hi <name> 2. Displays 5 ML based templates Different templates for free seller and buyer IOS LMS Static Templates - Free Seller: 1. Ask Quantity 2. Share More Details 3. Here is my catalog link: 4. Share company detail 5. Payment Link Static Templates - Buyer: 1. Request Reply 2. Time to Talk? 3. Payment Link 4. My Last Reply IOS BMC Static Templates(7) User Defined Horizontal Templates (closes the vertical templates or after at least 1 sent) Vertical Templates [ 3 x 2 Grid ] (Only When Enq is sent/received) Static Templates (6) Different static templates as compared to horizontal ones Last Reply IOS BMC Static Horizontal Templates: 1. Request Reply (Only shown in enq sent and C type initiation case) 2. Time to Talk? 3. Request Payment Link 4. Price? 5. Request Quotation 6. Share More Details 7. Whatsapp Number Static Vertical Templates: 1. Hi <name> 2. Approx. Price? 3. Request Quotation 4. More details? 5.Share Pictures 6. Please reply Way Ahead - Centralization of replies for only enq. case Objective Improve 1st suggested response accuracy and effectiveness leading to more depth of conversation Same experience across all platforms by removing hardcoded logic at platform level by bringing it under the centralized API What will be done? 1. 90% of suggested replies are chosen from top 6 positions - 6 suggestions would be shown 2. For Seller - Last Reply, ISQ (max 3) , Static (min 3, with at least 1 suggestion in hinglish), User Defined 3. For Buyer - Last Reply, ISQ (max 2) , Static (min 4, with at least 1 suggestion in hinglish), User Defined 4. Attaching "Hi <name>," before the message 5. To track usage of ISQ based suggestion a new template flag would be used Buyer Suggestions from Centralized API Price Photos More Details Quotation Availability Call / Reply 17% 11% 11% 8% 6% 2% As per Buyer Intent Weightage Seller Suggestions from Centralized API Catalog Link Quantity Call / Reply More Details Revert shortly Availability 25% 7% 5% 4% 3% 1.5% As per Seller Intent Weightage Way Ahead - Centralization of replies for only enq. case Current ML Suggestive Reply Flow Seller and Buyer Intents Seller Buyer Way Ahead - Updating Intents and Responses Adding the new intents and refining the responses as per current data Clustered replies for identifying new intents and response How will it help? Replacing the unused suggestion or less used ones with more contextual and frequently used replies. This would help us increase the usage of Suggested replies Way Ahead - Updating ISQ Suggestions ISQs of new MCATs to be added Showing ISQ based questions and answers to sellers/buyers as per ENQ/BL received What will be changed? 18,000 new MCATs will be added 162536 new ISQs will be added Way Ahead - Buyer Side ISQ based responses Showing exact suggestion to buyers for seller based ISQ questions For Example, A buyer sends an enquiry for a pen Then seller asks which color you want? Buyer will be suggested : Black, Blue, Red How will it help? This upfront suggestions will help buyers to respond quickly and accurately, which can reduce the response time and depth of the conversation Way Ahead- Introduce Yourself New Template A template which would help sellers introduce themselves to buyers How will it help? Approximately 15% user defined templates are used out of which 55% of them are based on introduction, which we can move to our Suggestive reply service which would increase the usage of overall suggestive replies. Way Ahead - Introduce Yourself New Template Thank You ML Top Responses used User Defined replies analysis User Defined replies analysis IOS LMS Other Cases Listing Screen: 1. Ask Quotation 2. Request Reply >> These static templates are shown when new contact is added within 24 hours and no message or call was exchanged. IOS LMS Other Cases Who viewed your catalog 1. Share catalog link 2. Ask for time to talk Listing Screen: Two static templates are shown after 48hrs of contact added date: 1. Share catalog link 2. Ask for time to talk Only when, if there is no activity (reply/call) within 48 hours of last contacted date Android BMC Other Cases Call popup - Picked Call - No: Hi, Thanks for your requirement. We tried calling you but couldn’t connect. Kindly call for more details Call popup - Picked Call - Yes: Hi <username>, I tried to call you about my requirements but it did not connect. Kindly call me to get the complete details. Listing Screen: 1. Ask Quotation 2. Request Reply >> These static templates are shown when new contact is added within 24 hours and no message or call was exchanged." M-Site Other Cases Call Popup - Picked Call - Yes: Ask Quotation Ask catalogue Call popup - Picked Call - No: Time to talk Ask catalogue Widgets & Dropdown Ask for Details - Can you share more details about this requirement? Request Callback - Can you please call to discuss this? LISTING SCREEN: In case of unread message for a thread - >> We show 2 static templates to buyers: 1. More Details - Can you share more details on this product? 2. Request Call Back - Can you please call to discuss this? >> We show 1 static templates to sellers: 1. Ask for More Details - Can you share more details on this product? Android LMS Desktop BMC 1. Enq. Sent Say Hi, Request call back 2. Waiting for your reply - Unread Follow-up, Request Call Back 3. Waiting for your reply - Read Say Hi, Request Call Back 4. Catalog link - Unread Say Thanks, Request Product photos 5. Catalog link - Read Follow-up, Request Product photos 6. Call attempted - Incoming - Unread Follow-Up, Request Call Back 7. Call attempted - Incoming - Read Follow-Up, Request Call Back 8. Attachment "Please find attachment" - Unread Say Thanks, Request Catalog 9. Attachment "Please find attachment" - Read Follow-up, Request Call Back 10. Any message other than above - Unread Ok Thanks, Please Call Widgets & Dropdown Desktop LMS Usage of ML, Static & User Defined replies across platforms